# Acne-Tyme-

Specification Document 

 My major objective as a possible Acne Tyme user is to get rid of my facial flaws so I may have a smoother complexion without changing my natural hair. When it comes to hair trends, women of color seem to prefer those who wear their hair naturally. I don't use any products that include chemicals, therefore occasionally I get face issues. But I'm still not ready to commit to getting my hair straightened. A system like this is required since it will enable me to keep displaying my naturalness. My descendants spend years molding or controlling their hair in an effort to grow, preserve, and acquire a feeling of beauty. Our hair is a source of pride for us, not to mention a show-off when we assemble with friends and family. When we see somebody, we have not seen in a while, we frequently have bragging rights and engage in chatting with other people. As a result, I don't care how long it takes the product to start working on my face because taking care of my natural hair is a task in and of itself.
	When utilizing the Acne Tyme System app, a person's skin tone should match their face recognition as closely as possible, or as accurately as possible. The user will need to grant the App access to picture their face and encrypt it in our system, making this a crucial step. However, a person will probably make alterations as they see fit at first and all along the way of their usage. This method must be used and accurately documented from the beginning.
	When a procedure was not fully completed during the intended working period, anyone wishing to use the App will be able to repeat any stages as many times as they choose. For instance, the product should enhance a user's look over time if they have blemishes on the left upper side of their face. If it doesn't, the process can be redone, starting again with a fresh image of the face. This will still work even if you didn't use the product as diligently as you may have liked or some of the flaws disappeared after applying it.
	Some users desire total control over the App. As a result, the system won't be built with the capacity to move on automatically to the next stage. For instance, the user would not want to go to the following stage if they had not received positive outcomes. People want to be able to get the outcomes they desire or notice things that the images may have foreseen using the before and after pictures taken before usage. As a result, the system must set goals that are both relevant and realistic.
	If someone has already used the Acne Tyme System, they may log in and examine their usage for current comparisons or just start afresh. A person won't need to enter all of their information again because the system is user-friendly. The person can get additional blemishes or pimples later on in the year that they would desire to get rid of. In this instance, the App is made to allow people to resume where they left off or to go back and repeat some of the processes, which, if preferred, might result in starting over from scratch. Since the face has altered over time, this will allow the user to not only analyze the face but also apply applications in specific places.
	Unless someone makes modifications or a system upgrade happens, all prior user data will be saved and retained in the system for a maximum of two years without being altered. This kind of system modification will be made to accommodate a new and enhanced App. As the creator, I might wish to promote this product and demonstrate to others the wonderful results can be attained if the instructions are followed correctly. A person can also observe how the system functions graphically. Additionally, it is handy for the user because they do not need to input their information each time, they want to use the App.
	A free evaluation will be given when someone first starts looking into the Acne Tyme System. This will enable a potential user to learn about the outcomes they hope to achieve using before-and-after photos if they employ this system. People want to and should know what to expect once they have spent a particular amount of money for a product, therefore this is a rather essential technique.
	The main purpose of this app is to prevent acne while utilizing the items that were provided for use with the app. My goal is to locate someone who still wears their hair normally but has severe acne that is challenging to manage. All hair kinds, including fine, medium, and coarse, can be used with this technique. The system's job is to provide users with a whole new and changed appearance, which they should get after carefully and correctly following all instructions.
